add note about sparse array (#207)
estree/estree: es5.md

}
```

> An array expression. An element might be `null` if it is sparse. E.g. `[,,,]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array expression. An element might be `null` if it represents a hole in a sparse array. E.g. `[1,,2]`.
```
